Adding info about OAuth w/ subdomains (#8170)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-snowflake-oauth.md

# Set up Snowflake OAuth <Lifecycle status="managed, managed_plus" />

:::info Subdomain migration

> We're migrating <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> [multi-tenant accounts worldwide](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) to static subdomains. Once we complete the migration, we will automatically redirect you from the `cloud.getdbt.com` URL to your new URL (for example, `abc123.us1.dbt.com`), which you can find in your account settings. If your organization has network allow-listing, add the `us1.dbt.com` domain to your allow list. 

Author: ```suggestion
We're migrating <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> [multi-tenant accounts worldwide](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) to static subdomains. Once we complete the migration, we will automatically redirect you from the original URL (for example, `cloud.getdbt.com`) to your new URL with a static subdomain (for example, `abc123.us1.dbt.com`), which you can find in your account settings. If your organization has network allow-listing, add the `us1.dbt.com` domain to your allow list. 
```

> We're migrating <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> [US-based multi-tenant accounts](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) to static subdomains. Once we complete the migration, we will automatically redirect you from the `cloud.getdbt.com` URL to your new URL (for example, `abc123.us1.dbt.com`) and you can find this URL in your account settings. If your organization has network allow-listing, add the `us1.dbt.com` domain to your allow list. 

Reviewer: We're actually migrating all multi-tenant accounts, just started with US! So we can just say "multi-tenant accounts" to cover all future migrations happening over the next few weeks

> We're migrating <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> [US-based multi-tenant accounts](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) to static subdomains. Once we complete the migration, we will automatically redirect you from the `cloud.getdbt.com` URL to your new URL (for example, `abc123.us1.dbt.com`) and you can find this URL in your account settings. If your organization has network allow-listing, add the `us1.dbt.com` domain to your allow list. 

Author: ```suggestion
We're migrating <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> [multi-tenant accounts worldwide](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) to static subdomains. Once we complete the migration, we will automatically redirect you from the `cloud.getdbt.com` URL to your new URL (for example, `abc123.us1.dbt.com`), which you can find in your account settings. If your organization has network allow-listing, add the `us1.dbt.com` domain to your allow list. 
```

> We're migrating <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> [multi-tenant accounts worldwide](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) to static subdomains. Once we complete the migration, we will automatically redirect you from the original URL (for example, `cloud.getdbt.com`) to your new URL with a static subdomain (for example, `abc123.us1.dbt.com`), which you can find in your account settings. If your organization has network allow-listing, add the `us1.dbt.com` domain to your allow list. 

Reviewer 2: most of the docs use allow list or allow listing. if its hyphen then we should open a separate issue so its all consistent
```suggestion
We're migrating <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> [multi-tenant accounts worldwide](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) to static subdomains. After the migration, you’ll be automatically redirected from your original URL (for example, `cloud.getdbt.com`) to the new URL static subdomain (for example, `abc123.us1.dbt.com`), which you can find in your account settings. If your organization has network allow listing, add the `us1.dbt.com` domain to your allow list. 
```

> We're migrating <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> [multi-tenant accounts worldwide](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) to static subdomains. Once we complete the migration, we will automatically redirect you from the original URL (for example, `cloud.getdbt.com`) to your new URL with a static subdomain (for example, `abc123.us1.dbt.com`), which you can find in your account settings. If your organization has network allow-listing, add the `us1.dbt.com` domain to your allow list. 

Reviewer 2: do we have a timeline on when this is going to happen?

Author: Only internally

### Setting up multiple dbt projects with Snowflake 0Auth
If you are planning to set up the same Snowflake account to different <Constant name="cloud" /> projects, you can use the same security integration for all of the projects.

## Subdomain migration

> If you're a [US hosted multi-tenant account](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) being migrated to a static subdomain, you may need to take additional action in your Snowflake account to prevent service disruptions.

Reviewer: update to just "multi-tenant account"

> If you're a [US hosted multi-tenant account](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) being migrated to a static subdomain, you may need to take additional action in your Snowflake account to prevent service disruptions.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're a [multi-tenant account](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) being migrated to a static subdomain, you may need to take additional action in your Snowflake account to prevent service disruptions.
```

Snowflake limits each security integration (`CREATE SECURITY INTEGRATION … TYPE = OAUTH`) to a single redirect URI. If you configured your OAuth integration with `cloud.getdbt.com`, you must take one of two courses of action: 

> - **Configure an additional security integration:** In your Snowflake account, you will have one with the original `cloud.getdbt.com/complete/snowflake` as the redirect URI, and another using the new static subdomain.

Reviewer: Wondering if we should try to give region-specific examples here. If we want to do that, I can clarify with eng what the old -> new redirect URIs would look like

> - **Configure an additional security integration:** In your Snowflake account, you will have one with the original `cloud.getdbt.com/complete/snowflake` as the redirect URI, and another using the new static subdomain.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Configure an additional security integration:** In your Snowflake account, you will have one with the original URL (for example, `cloud.getdbt.com/complete/snowflake`) as the redirect URI, and another using the new static subdomain. Refer to our [regions & IP addresses page](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) for a complete list of the original domains in your region (they're marked as "multi-tenant" on the chart).
```

> - **Configure an additional security integration:** In your Snowflake account, you will have one with the original URL (for example, `cloud.getdbt.com/complete/snowflake`) as the redirect URI, and another using the new static subdomain. Refer to our [regions & IP addresses page](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) for a complete list of the original domains in your region (they're marked as "multi-tenant" on the chart).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Configure an additional security integration:** In your Snowflake account, you will have one with the original URL (for example, `cloud.getdbt.com/complete/snowflake`) as the redirect URI, and another using the new static subdomain. Refer to our [regions & IP addresses page](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) for a complete list of the original domains in your region (marked as "multi-tenant" on the chart).
```

> - **Use a single security integration:** One with the new static subdomain as the redirect URI. In this scenario, you must recreate all of your [existing connections](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/about-connections#connection-management).

Reviewer 2: i didn't understand what i needed to do since it started with 'One with the new..'
```suggestion
- **Use a single security integration:** Create one that uses the new static subdomain as the redirect URI. In this scenario, you must recreate all of your [existing connections](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/about-connections#connection-management).
```
